README.md, before:

# jglmm
R package for interfacing with Julia's GLMM library to fit generalized linear mixed-effects models.

## Setup
```
devtools::install_github("mikabr/jglmm")
```
Additionally, you need to have Julia installed, along with the Julia libraries `DataFrames.jl`, `StatsModels.jl`, and `MixedModels.jl`.
The location of your Julia installation needs to be known to the R package, either as the global option `JULIA_HOME` or the environmental variable `JULIA_HOME`. For example:
```
options(JULIA_HOME = "/Applications/Julia-0.6.app/Contents/Resources/julia/bin/")
```

## Usage

```
cbpp <- dplyr::mutate(lme4::cbpp, prop = incidence / size)
gm <- jglmm(prop ~ period + (1 | herd), data = cbpp, family = "binomial",
            weights = cbpp$size)
```

To set the contrasts for a categorical variable:
```
gm_effect <- jglmm(prop ~ period + (1 | herd), data = cbpp, family = "binomial",
                   weights = cbpp$size, contrasts = list(period = "effects"))
```

Access the fixed effects coefficients with `tidy(gm)` and the fitted response values with `augment(gm)`.

The available response families and their default link functions are:
```
       Bernoulli (LogitLink)
        Binomial (LogitLink)
           Gamma (InverseLink)
 InverseGaussian (InverseSquareLink)
NegativeBinomial (LogLink)
          Normal (IdentityLink)
         Poisson (LogLink)
```

Note that the first time you fit a model in a given R session it will take a while, as Julia needs to do some setup operations. Subsequent model fits will be much faster.

For more details on the underlying Julia library, see http://dmbates.github.io/MixedModels.jl/latest/index.html.

Commit message:

move setup from onload to callable function; add support for linear models; fix compatibility issues

README.md, after:

# jglmm

R package for interfacing with Julia's MixedModels library to fit generalized linear mixed-effects models.

## Setup

Install the package with:
```
# install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("mikabr/jglmm")
```
Additionally, you need to have Julia installed, along with the Julia libraries `DataFrames.jl`, `StatsModels.jl`, and `MixedModels.jl`.

The location of your Julia installation needs to be known to the R package, either as the global option `JULIA_HOME` or the environmental variable `JULIA_HOME`. For example:
```
options(JULIA_HOME = "/Applications/Julia-1.2.app/Contents/Resources/julia/bin")
```

## Usage

Before using `jglmm`, you need to do initial setup with `jglmm_setup()`. It is necessary for every new R session to use the package.

```
library(jglmm)
jglmm_setup()
```

To fit a linear regression:
```
lm1 <- jglmm(Reaction ~ Days + (Days | Subject), lme4::sleepstudy)
```

To fit a logistic regression:
```
cbpp <- dplyr::mutate(lme4::cbpp, prop = incidence / size)
gm <- jglmm(prop ~ period + (1 | herd), data = cbpp, family = "binomial",
            weights = cbpp$size)
```

To set the contrasts for a categorical variable:
```
gm <- jglmm(prop ~ period + (1 | herd), data = cbpp, family = "binomial",
            weights = cbpp$size, contrasts = list(period = "effects"))
```

Access the fixed effects coefficients with `tidy(gm)` and the fitted response values with `augment(gm)`.

The available response families and their default link functions are:
```
       Bernoulli (LogitLink)
        Binomial (LogitLink)
           Gamma (InverseLink)
 InverseGaussian (InverseSquareLink)
NegativeBinomial (LogLink)
          Normal (IdentityLink)
         Poisson (LogLink)
```

Note that the first time you fit a model in a given R session it will take a while, as Julia needs to do some setup operations. Subsequent model fits will be much faster.

For more details on the underlying Julia library, see http://dmbates.github.io/MixedModels.jl/latest/index.html.
